[Autogenerated] In this short clip,
we're gonna look at re sizing the start menu as you
begin to add content to your start menu.
New APS, New tiles,
new groups You may start to feel that you're running out of space.
Well,
there's actually a couple different ways that you can resize your start menu.
The start menu itself shares some properties with the way windows function.
If you hold your cursor right over the edge of a window,
you can usually select and dragged the border of a window to resize it.
We can do the same thing with the start menu the upper and write Most
borders of the Start menu will behave the same way.
If you hold your cursor right over the edge, notice the chorus or changes.
Now I can select and drag and resize my start menu.
You can, of course,
they're the same thing if you want your start menu
to be smaller and less intrusive,
but for the most part we tend to want it to be bigger and hold more content.
Of course,
this isn't really an issue if you're working in tablet mode because your
start menu would actually be full screen by default.
But if you're working in desktop mode,
you can actually make your start my new full size.
Also,
to manually make your start menu full screen while working
in dust up mode over your settings out.
And so, like personalization.
Select start and turn the switch on to use.
Start full screen.
The next time you open your start menu, you'll have a full screen start menu.
Now you may find that working with a full screen
start menu has some disadvantages.
The navigation menu here to the left is compressed.
You may find yourself going through some extra steps to get to the folders
that normally appear in this area of the start menu.
In this clip, we've looked at re sizing the start menu. Thanks for watching, and I look forward to seeing you in the next clip.